residents of southern Ukraine are sounding the alarm
of the Nikolaev region began the most
real wolf invasion hungry
predators come in the village attacks
pets and even people when
to protect themselves, the inhabitants are not actually
It may be because the shooting of wolves is prohibited
law metallica chonko more
get on kinburn this time of year
possible only by sea ​​and only when
good weather boat from Ochakov walks
here twice a week residents 4 force
There are several located at the checkout.
months trying to shout to the authorities
to declare an emergency here
position of connection with the invasion of wolves but
on the big earth they don't seem to hear
all when box warn already on
it is dangerous to be on the coast of the peninsula
for life recently the predator has become
go out hunting even in the afternoon the first
wolf tracks we noticed everything in
a few hundred meters from our pier
the conductor claims the flock passed
here recently such Volgograd
my hand is equal compared to this
such wolves up to 90 kilograms weigh
catch an urgent meeting in the village
what happened here was afraid of more
total wolf attacked man
Konstantin Alexander returned with
work when the beast pounced on him I
I get food and side vision I see
something darted at me let out for may i
I can tidy up my bag
turn on me get a wolf
traces here can be seen not only in
the forest but even literally twenty meters away
from houses last time predators
here are frequent guests homeless animals on
kinburn spit no wolves left
to manage already in yards lack of food
for wolf the truth is that they come
body and removes dog chains dog
ready tobacco which sat on
leash and here with this little doggie that already
left the wolves tore on the peninsula
there are just three reserves at home
Spit residents are also in the zone
conservation fund hunting
strictly prohibited
to shoot a predator according to the law can not even
if he goes into the yard to save
Scott hosts hang out on fences
red rag or new year tinsel so
hunters come in during the pen
predator
wolf in the wild fears
human smell and leaves but here
such measures are no longer usa cows
grazed on that side and
Immediately three wolves came out to them and run
home escape and wolves
ran straight into the yard if he tried
man is also all here . you won't go out
now parents are even afraid to let go
children to school and when my mother went to bed
sleep came maybe 10 minutes like us
clouded
Kinburn Spit area 13 thousand
hectares of wolves are approximate
estimates already more than two dozen
individuals will turn and what their teeth
one bite when i'm a michiru they sat down
turned to the Ministry of Ecology to
and we allowed shooting but the answer from
Kiev is not still in the spring after
breeding wolves
can increase at times and then people
will have to flee their homes vitali
Kotenko Sergey Titenko Alexander
Sakhnevich
Ekaterina Ponomaryova First Channel
Nikolaev region Ukraine